Welcome to the Brazil branch!
Today we will show you the work
that’s being carried out
in the renovation of this beautiful branch.
Our buildings house
more than 1,150 Bethelites
and also provide work space
for an additional 600 commuters.
The last branch expansion finished in 1997,
and since then, there has not been
a renovation of its buildings.
In addition, the way in which
much of the work is done here
has changed a lot.
During this period,
the number of publishers in Brazil
has almost doubled,
reaching to more than 900,000.
Although our buildings
are very well cared for,
some mechanical, electrical,
and computer systems are outdated,
which limits their usefulness.
For these and other reasons,
the renovation is necessary
for Bethel to continue caring
for the present and future needs
of the organization.
The renovation has already started.
Temporary accommodations have been created
for more than 220 volunteers.
These accommodations will be used
by the construction team.
This is a renovated apartment.
Along with new finishes, the mechanical
and electrical systems have been replaced.
The new windows have
better thermal and acoustic insulation,
letting in more natural light
and serving to economize resources.
Each of the over 650 apartments at the branch
will be renovated.
While on the subject of economizing
and simplifying,
now each Bethelite
will wash their own clothes.
Twenty-nine new laundry rooms
are being constructed
throughout the residential blocks.
In addition, practically all of the offices
will be completely renovated and modernized.
We currently have office space
for approximately 500 workers.
The renovation will create room
for almost 900.
The new layout will also provide the option
to reconfigure the office space
to more than 1,050 workstations.
Also, the project includes plans
to renovate and modernize
most of the public areas
throughout the branch,
creating a nicer environment
to work and live.
In order to accomplish this, we plan to have
between 350 and 400 workers per day
at the renovation.
I am 23 years old.
I’ve always had the dream
of serving in construction.
Then I had the privilege of being called
to serve in the construction
going on here at Bethel.
It’s amazing.
I work on the electrical crew.
I took an electrical course when I was 15,
but the truth is, I really learned
this profession here in Bethel.
This is my wife, Nathalia.
And this is my husband, José.
And this is our first assignment together.
I’m serving in the Engineering Department
in the design sector.
I’m in masonry,
something I’ve never done before.
At the end of the day when I finish work,
I feel like I’ve really
accomplished something.
We hope that at the end of this project,
these buildings will become a place
that’s even more efficient
and better prepared
to care for the future needs.
Would you like to have a part
in this project?
If so, know that your prayers
and your contributions to the worldwide work
are a great help.
Also, if your circumstances permit,
then why not make yourself available to come
and serve as a volunteer
on this or another construction project?